# 1: Anatomy of Basic Android Project

Created: Apr 1, 2021 12:03 PM
link: https://developer.android.com/codelabs/kotlin-android-training-app-anatomy?continue=https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.android.com%2Fcourses%2Fpathways%2Fkotlin-fundamentals-two%23codelab-https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.android.com%2Fcodelabs%2Fkotlin-android-training-app-anatomy#0

## **Activities**

- **`AppCompatActivity`**
    - `AppCompatActivity` is a subclass of Activity that supports all modern Android features while providing backward compatibility with older versions of Android. To make your app available to the largest number of devices and users possible, always use `AppCompatActivity.`

## **Views**

- All UI elements in the app layout are subclasses of the **`[View](http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/View.html)`** class

## **View attributes**

- **`android:layout_width`** **`android:layout_height`**
    - The **`match_parent`** value stretches the view to its parent's width or height. The **`wrap_content`** value shrinks the view to fit the view's contents.

## **Strings**

- String resources are contained in the **`res/values/string.xml`** file.
- To extract strings, use **`Alt+Enter`** (**`Option+Enter`** on a Mac). Select **Extract string resources** from the popup menu.

## **Using view**

```kotlin
val rollButton: Button = findViewById(R.id.roll_button)
rollButton.setOnClickListener { rollDice() }
```

- **`android:id`**
- **`findViewById()`**
- **`setOnClickListener()`**

### **Question 1**

Which method on an **`Activity`** inflates the app's layout and makes its views available as objects?

- **`onCreate()`**
- **`setClickListener()`**
- **`setContentView()`**
- **`show()`**

In **`onCreate()`**, you specify which layout is associated with the activity, and you inflate the layout. The **`setContentView()`** method does both those things.

```kotlin
override fun onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {   
	super.onCreate(savedInstanceState)   
	setContentView(R.layout.activity_main)
}
```

### **Question 2**

Which view attribute do you use to set the width of a view so that it adjusts to fit the content?

- **`android:view_width="wrap"`**
- `**android:layout_width="wrap_content"`**
- **`android:layout_height="wrap_content"`**
- **`android:layout_width="match_parent"`**
